Replace "mysql_host_name", "mysql_user_name", "mysql_password", "mysql_database", and "pcap_file.pcap" with your actual MySQL server, pcap file, and credentials. 
Provided code will now extracts and stores various packet information for each protocol in the corresponding tables.
Here are 10 points to help you successfully implement and use the provided code on a local machine

Setting Up MySQL Server:
Ensure you have a MySQL server installed and running on your local machine. Modify the mysql_host, mysql_user, mysql_password, and mysql_database variables with your MySQL server credentials.

Install Required Libraries:
Make sure you have the mysql-connector-python and scapy libraries installed. If not, you can install them using pip install mysql-connector-python scapy.

Create a New Database:
Before running the script, create a new database with the name specified in the mysql_database variable.

Capture PCAP File:
Save the network packet capture (PCAP) file you want to analyze in the same directory as the script and replace "your_pcap_file.pcap" with the actual file name.

Run the Script:
Execute the script using a Python interpreter. It will create separate tables for various protocols and store packet information.

Monitor Output:
As the script runs, monitor the console output to ensure tables are being created and packet information is being processed.

Check MySQL Server:
After the script completes, check your MySQL server to confirm the tables are created and populated with packet data.

Table Contents:
The created tables will contain columns for source IP, destination IP, source port, destination port, protocol information, and a timestamp.

Customize and Expand:
Feel free to modify the code to add more protocols or extract additional information from packets as needed.

Explore Data:
Use SQL queries to explore and analyze the captured packet data directly in your MySQL database.

Final Output---->

------------------- Packet Analysis Script -------------------

Connecting to MySQL server...
Connected to MySQL server

Creating tables for each protocol...
Table tcp_packets created
Table udp_packets created
Table ipv4_packets created
Table ipv6_packets created
Table icmp_packets created
Table arp_packets created
Table dns_packets created
Table dhcp_packets created

Reading and processing pcap file...
TCP Packet - Source: ... , Destination: ...
UDP Packet - Source: ... , Destination: ...
IPv4 Packet - Source: ... , Destination: ...
...

Storing packet information in tables...

Analysis completed. Closing MySQL connection...

------------------------ Analysis Summary ------------------------

- Total packets analyzed: ...
- TCP packets stored: ...
- UDP packets stored: ...
- IPv4 packets stored: ...
...

MySQL connection closed. Analysis finished.
